DCE is copyrighted by The Open Group and other parties.
Copyright, 1997, The Open Group, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.

The Open Group grants to you ("Licensee") a non-exclusive license to
use the software for academic, research, and internal business purposes
only, without fee.  Licensee agrees that the copyright notice and this
statement will appear on all copies of the software, or portions
thereof.  No ownership to the software is transferred through this
license.

Licensee may make derivative copies of the software, provided that such
derivatives can only be used for the purposes specified in the license
grants above, and further provided that no modifications are made to
the published interfaces.  Such copies may only be given to parties
that have a DCE source license of the same level.  (Diff's required for
porting or testing may be made freely available provided no fee is
charged other than reasonable media/copying charges.)

Any Licensee wishing to make commercial use of the software should
contact The Open Group to upgrade to a license appropriate for such
use.  The term "commercial use" includes (1) integration of all or part
of the source code into a product for sale or license by or on behalf
of Licensee to third parties, or (2) distribution of the binary code or
source code to parties that need it for a commercial product sold or
licensed by or on behalf of Licensee.

RESTRICTED RIGHTS:  Use, duplication or disclosure by the government is
subject to the restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of
the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software Clause as DFARS
252.227-7103 and FAR 52.227-10.

THE OPEN GROUP MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE
SUITABILITY OF THE SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THE OPEN GROUP SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE AS A RESULT OF USING,
MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS DERIVATIVES.

Ay using or copying this software, Licensee agrees to abide by the
intellectual property laws, and all other applicable laws of the U.S.
and the terms of this license.

The Open Group shall have the right to terminative this license
immediately by written notice upon Licensee's breach of, or
non-compliance with, any of its terms.  Licensee may be held legally
responsible for any infringement that is caused or encouraged by
Licensee's failure to abide by the terms of this license.
